Add logging final version (#893)
mlcommons/GaNDLF: docs/extending.md

# continue from previous shell
(venv_gandlf) $> coverage run -m pytest --device cuda; coverage report -m
```
## Logging

### Use loggers instead of print

> We use the native `logging` [library](https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html) for logs management.
> It is already configured. So, If you are extending the code, please use loggers instead of prints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use the native `logging` [library](https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html) for logs management. This gets automatically configured when GaNDLF gets launched. So, if you are extending the code, please use loggers instead of prints.
```

Here is an example how logger can be used:

```
def my_new_cool_function(df: pd.DataFrame):
    logger = logging.getLogger(__name__)  # you can use any your own logger name or just pass a current file name
    logger.debug("Message for debug file only")
    logger.info("Hi GaNDLF user, I greet you in the CLI output")
    logger.error(f"A detailed message about any error if needed. Exception: {str(e)}, params: {params}, df shape: {df.shape}")
    # print("Hi GaNDLF user!")  # don't use prints please.
```

### What and where is logged

GaNDLF logs are splitted into multiple parts:
- CLI output: only `info` messages are shown here
- debug file: all messages are shown 

> - stderr: display `warning,error,critical` messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- stderr: display `warning`, `error`, or `critical` messages
```

> All the logs are saved in the `tmp/gandlf` directory

Reviewer: This might change based on how the previous comment gets addressed.

Reviewer: This still needs to change.

Example of log message
```
#format: "%(asctime)s - %(name)s - %(levelname)s - %(pathname)s:%(lineno)d - %(message)s"
2024-07-03 13:05:51,642 - root - DEBUG - GaNDLF/GANDLF/entrypoints/anonymizer.py:28 - input_dir='.'
```

### Create your own logger

> You can create and configure your own logger in the `GANDLF\logging_config.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create and configure your own logger by updating the file `GANDLF/logging_config.yaml`.
```
